# ZigBee® Embedded RF Modules for OEMs
## XBP24-Z7UIT-004
### Semiconductors and Actives > RF Modules and ICs > RF Modules, ICs and Accessories
***

###Summary
MODULE ZIGBEE-PRO W/U.FL ANT

####General Description
XBee and XBee-PRO ZB embedded RF modules provide wireless connectivity to end-point devices in ZigBee mesh networks. Utilizing the ZigBee PRO Feature Set, these modules are interoperable with other ZigBee devices, including devices from other vendors. XBee users can have their ZigBee network up-and-running in a matter of minutes, without configuration or additional development.

XBee modules are ideal for low-power, low-cost applications. XBee-PRO modules are power-amplified, extended-range versions of XBee modules. Products in the XBee family are easy to use, share a common hardware footprint, and are interoperable with other XBee products. Available in a variety of protocols for different applications, one XBee can be substituted for another with minimal development time and risk.

Digi’s unsurpassed offering of Drop-in Networking products provides seamless communication between devices. XBee adapters provide wireless connectivity to devices in wired networks. XBee wall routers extend the range and strength of a ZigBee network. ConnectPort™ X gateways enable users to access remote devices in a network.

###Connectors 
- ***Power* [PwrGnd_TwoPort]:** Power Supply
- ***UART* [UART]:** UART Bus
- ***VREF* [AnalogSignal]:** Voltage Reference
- ***ON* [DigitalSignal]:** On enable
- ***RESET* [DigitalSignal]:** Reset
- ***DIO* [Port8Bit]:** DIO 8 bit bus
- ***DTR* [DigitalSignal]:** Sleep Request
- ***CD* [DigitalSignal]:** Out Enable
- ***PWM0* [DigitalSignal]:** Pulse-width modulation


